+++
title = "Quantum Healing Hypnosis Technique (QHHT)"
description = "QHHT Session, TRUST your first impression"
date = "2018-02-04"
categories = ["QHHT"]
tags = ["QHHT"]
draft = false
type = "post"
+++

I live in Dallas, Texas and i have been wanted to get a QHHT session and i manage to schedule a session locally.

## Over Expectation

Weeks before the session, i was excited and bought some gear so i can do quality video recording like tripod, mic and other accessories. Where is the camera ? I already have a good streaming logitech webcam so i did not buy that. I spend some time configuring my laptop with Open Broadcaster Software (OBS) to ready when i have my session

## The Session

I went over to his place and we discuess about my why and question i would like answers for. I setup my fancy gear, start the recording , sit on the chair and start the session. He started his induction and i am trying to follow. During that time, i keep question myself why i am still here, i can still hear all the surrounding sound and feel everyting around me. Should i go into some type of state where i am totally unaware ? On the first induction, i was not able to follow/imagine all the way through because of my conscious mind keep question it. When people say i "see", The seeing is not with eye but with mind. I was trying to see with my eye closed and all i see is darkness.

Since i was not able get into the state where i needed, he started with the second shotter induction, I use my mind to imagine and went into the elevator, number 11 came into my mind and i speak out. The door open and i said i saw nothing. actually i saw some cluster of light dots moving toward my right sight then i try to use my eye to see instead of my mind. At that moment, I felt that need a break for restroom so i get up from the chair and we did not pursue any further.

## Lesson Learn

* TRUST my first impression and speak out.
* NEVER second guess
* DO NOT question what i feel, see, know, or sense.
* USE all my senses and remove any limiting believe.
* I am aware of my surrounding at all time and it is ok.
* Hypnosis is not what you see in TV (Biggest LIE)

## Take Away

TRUST and BELIEVE is my biggest lesson during the session. Although i am the one of the people that did not get it the first time, I will continue to work on my TRUST and BELIEVE and i will definitely schedule for another QHHT session. 

---

Namaste