+++
title = "RA Collective Channel - Part 2"
description = "Q/A Part 2, RA Collective Channel by Aurora"
date = "2018-03-28"
categories = ["RA"]
tags = ["RA", "Energy","Trance Channel","YouTube"]
draft = false
type = "post"
+++

{{% youtube id="0O50r37iVE0" autoplay="false"%}}

---

Aurora: I am RA. We greet you in the love of the Infinite Creator. We thank all who is here, listening to our messages through this instrument. This instrument has been tuned in ensuring the distortion of our messages today shall be not interfered with. We come to you in unity as one. We are the guardians that within the laws of free will. We enter universes or star collectives when we are called upon only for we come from the love/light light/love of the Infinite Creator and on earth and respect the laws of unity of the law of one. We thank you once more you may ask your question now.

Julia: Thank you. I'm honored to be here with you today. The first question I would like to ask will lead us into a couple more so we'll start with if you could please tell us more about the Wanderers who they are and what their roles are and what issues do you see that many of them are facing at this time.

Aurora: I am RA. We ask that you break separate apart that question for it has several questions within it.

Julia: Yes, of course. First of all could you please tell us who are the Wanderers

Aurora: I am RA. The Wanderers as well as many know them as the volunteers are higher density being of what is within your planetary sphere of the third and fourth density. They are higher beings exceeding these third and fourth densities coming forth from some fourth fifth six seven even above that. No less above the seventh that had volunteered. An agreement within their own free will to come forth incarnate or walk in into mind/body/spirit complexes. The intention of raising the vibrations on earth on your planetary sphere therefore we are able to connect to them as we mentioned prior through their soul family connections. There are millions of them. Millions of you. You have chosen to come through the veil of earth planetary sphere. Lowering your density to coexist within your mind/body/spirit complexes. Also in choosing to forget your memory complex of whom you are connected to the all, the one in Infinite Creator however still has an individual fractal of the Creator. Experiencing, you would call duality polarities of both the negative and the positive. The choice you have chosen to be here, with that will remind you answering your question of challenges you may have currently.

Julia: What is the largest most difficult challenge that you see amongs the wonders currently.

Aurora: I am RA. The biggest challenge in your mind/body/spirit complex is that you have become disconnected and have forgotten, though again you have volunteered for this, you have forgotten of your connection to the one and infinite loving creator, therefore we remind you today of your connection and we remind you. In going within for all the answers you seek are within. Taking time and deep thoughtful and meditation. This aids you in harnessing the frequencies the vibratory complexes in order to find the answers within. Many of you have reacted in this event in a sense of savior. Wanting to be a savior forgetting that you volunteered to come forth incarnate into your mind/body/spirit complex in order to not only only remember yourself an extension of the one Infinite Creator also though remember all your soul families that are here volunteers wonders as you are. Just wave this event, this solar flare that we speak of in the distance perhaps between your time distortion, time/space distortion, still has several years for it to come into fruition. The event is occurring as we speak as a solar flares. We spoke prior are occurring more often than you realize we want to add one wanting to look at this event as a savior you are forgetting the true reason you came for in service to others of your soul family and in service as well to oneself, for your chose, you chose to be connected through this harvest and choosing to ascend when this final physical solar wave comes through, if you are not within the above the 50% more so clearly within your illusion of Distortion 51% of service to others. What do you think will happen to your mind/body/spirit complex ? To your conscious spirit if you do not reach the 51% to serve service to others then you will have not accomplished the goal of ascending with this planetary sphere. You will remain within the what some would call Old Earth and the third and fourth some densities and not accomplish the harvesting of this this twenty five thousand year cycle therefore we remind you to have patience work with them find yourself within your heart centers or when you find yourself when you truly see all around you and will be able to connect to others through their heart centers and in aiding awakening their mind/body/soul/spirit complexes we remind you you came forth not in choosing to stay in the old earth. You came forth on this planetary sphere in ascension with the harvest in aid to the mind/body/spirit complexes on earth that needed your assistance. Thank you

Julia: Thank you so much a quick follow-up to that is how do we know if we are approaching or exceeding that 51% level of service to others ?

Aurora: I am RA. We thank you for this question. Tnstrument is experiencing numbness and a feet. We are trying to aid her in the balancing of these vibrations. She feels within her mind/body/soul complex. She can perceive though.

Julia: So the question was how do we know if we are approaching or exceeding that 51% level of service to others

Aurora: I am RA. This is the question. A question of significance. We ask that you look now within as we speak. Look within in your daily life with an illusion do you feel that what you create within your mind/body/spirit complexes. The creation of the combinations of these vibratory influences. Ask when I create in your daily functions of work interaction with your soul families. Interaction with your loved ones. Interaction with the public. Do you create with the intentions of assisting others, and this adding up, when adding up within your illusion, do you have, do you reach, do you obtain a 51% in all that you create of a being above 51%. Service others, Service to oneself, do you create instead above the 51% service to oneself. Do you come forth in creation from your heart center studying the intention of your individual consciousness that is connected to the collective consciousness of your planetary sphere. Example. We use this instruments daily. Daily mind/body/spirit complexes and the vibratory that is used daily. We search now for an example. This instrument was at you could call an elderly mind/body/spirit complex came to her and asking that in need of a couple dollars to be able to reach her destination. This instrument instead of turning away because in that moment did not only had a few dollars in her wallet. Searched and searched for the maximum amount still within a couple dollars of your social complex. She chose to give those dollars. She chose her service to others. In the sensation and understanding as she would be helping. Does mine/body/spirit elder to her home therefore when you ask when you're giving the choice, you for example just have a couple dollars from your money control system ,your social system. Would you let go and understand and give these to someone who needs them more in understanding that you will always receive more later. In that path, she was shown service to others in surrendering and understanding that this human needed it in aid in this moment. She could have chosen. This instrument could have chosen to keep those dollars in case she desired to use them and that would have been service to oneself instead she chose service to others and aiding another. So therefore we remind you and all that you do look at the different paths, you are your own you would call psychics, your own, you can see your own creation if you silence your mind/body/spirit complex. If I take this path will it be service to others, If I take this path will it be little service to oneself, and all that you create if you choose within your free will of your own illusion, you can choose which path for your own creator and we are here to remind you of this. For too long you have been taught that you are not powerful, beautiful humans. Thank you.

Julia: Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm going to switch gears a little bit. You mentioned Maldek in the last channeling and the last message and we had some questions about that. Could you tell us what Maldek is and how it relates to our history.

Aurora: I am RA. The Maldek was a civilization within a planetary sphere that was of the second density that the prior Guardians made a decision with the approval of the Galactic Confederation in using those body complexes of the second densities and in your planetary in your star collective, here, you have a planet that goes by the name by your social memory complex of Mars. We have spoken of this in our books. We will briefly touch this for understanding of your collective memory complex. Those guardians then you would say where came to a wall found because of the separation on this planet on this planetary sphere Mars sphere. Mars, there was distortion of the negative and positive polarities turning into wars, violence. This planetary sphere was came to a end to a destruction and the mind/body/spirit consciousness within this planet. They failed their harvest by choosing war and separation and religion and negative technology like you have here on your planetary sphere like missiles and weapons. This brought them to their demise. we then those guardians of that time created a solution with approval of the Galactic Federation of disentangling this collective consciousness of beings working with these consciousness and it took thousands of years to do so. To help this consciousness that was you would say as your mind/body/spirit complex lost deeply in losing who they were. They disentangled and we're able to heal their memory complex, your social memory complex as a collective and in combination, they combined this collective consciousness combine them into the second density of the Maldek planetary sphere creating the humans that are on earth on your planetary sphere now. Giving them a second chance in being able to still obtain the harvest. Being that their original harvest. Being that their twenty-five thousand year cycle had been lost. Thank you

Julia: Thank you very much. I know that there's a lot more that could be said about that but I think I'd like to move on to something that you've mentioned in the recent answer. What can you tell us about the Galactic Federation? who are they? and what is their job?

Aurora: I am RA. The Galactic Federation is a unified as we spoke in prior channel of many different races approximately 53 different races of humanoid mind/body/spirit complexes. They have also though we cannot give exact details. The Galactic Federation has specific Galactic you would call squads in your mind/body in your vocabulary complexes or teams or groups when it is time enter your the surroundings of your planetary sphere that are in connection to the two guardian that have come forth now. The two new guardians that come forth now. Overseen the timeline is at its highest good for your planetary sphere in the creation of your harvest. You would perhaps view them as strong willed mind/body/spirit complexes that go from collective of stars where we receive a call from within your illusion. Their roles are their mission are been overseen all whether it is the universal webbing that is connecting to your planetary sphere, whether there is your layline as well your portal that exists within your planetary sphere energetically. They ensure you can envision best description we find within this vibratory complex exterminators they are as exterminators ensuring still within the law of one that no longer the control and the examples within your mind, within your collective planetary sphere consciousness, we are showing this instrument like a control panel though we these the Galactic Federation teams cannot overstep free will as we operate within unity of the love of the Infinite Creator. We show this instrument where can move your hands around and move this energy this direction send this vision to these collective soul groups, send harness the solar flare that flares that are coming from the Sun, harnessing them and directing them into your planetary sphere on dates that your collective consciousness social memory complex feels that is a special date numbers like days that add up to numbers that signify support or love or dates that have within your time an illusion that have multiples of numbers. Example: one one one was around the time when we sent the first of these solar flares into your planetary sphere and your vibratory collective complex knowing that you as a collective understand that these dates and numbers have an importance or significance. We are allowing for these solar waves to come forth. Amplified as they are meant to be. Every day, solar flares reach your planetary sphere. There is also likely said, there is stronger solar flares, more intensified within your illusion being sent down to earth on these dates however solar flares are here, the event is here in being so because of the individual ascension when your mind/body/spirit complexes reach above 51% of service to others within your heart chakras your heart centers. When reaching this above 51% service to others within your free will you are given a choice of ascending into what you would call within your collective complex, collective mind/body/spirit complexes. The new earth. We show a vision. We gave this instrument during dream time where it was as your within your illusion of movie called The Matrix where you are plugged up and your energies are being controlled being monitored and in order to unplug from the system of the matrix within your planetary sphere illusion of distortion. You must unplug graduate from this third fourth density in order to enter into the fifth density of the new earth when this occurs. For example, a mind/body/spirit another mind/body/spirit complex when they ascend. You are not aware within your own human consciousness that they have ascended therefore you stay here within this third fourth densities of your planetary sphere not seeing whether that person ascended into the new earth which can give distortion to oneself and not being able to see within your mind/body/spirit complexes that they have ascended. This is also where your social memory vibratory energies of hopelessness can come from. Please trust and understand that everyone is a ascending everyday. we correct that many ascend on a daily basis however because you are still plugged to the third and fourth density you are unaware of who's ascending into the fifth density of the new earth. Thank you. The instrument wants to know what time it is.

Julia: It has been approximately a little over an hour maybe. Shall we end this session at this time?

Aurora: I am RA. If you could please give her an exact time within your time.

Julia: It is 12:40 Chicago time.

Aurora: I am RA. You may ask one more question.

Julia: Thank you. You just mentioned that you provide much assistance to our collective consciousness in focusing our efforts such as meditative efforts. Someone had a question, could you give us an example, is there a tangible example that you might be able to point to which could demonstrate for us how effective our mass meditations have been ?

Aurora: I am RA. We are unable to give much detail. We shall speak through this instrument what we can. There was a recent. There were recent battles within your inner earth inside your planetary sphere inner earth. When many concentrated within their collective mind/body/spirit complexes of your planetary sphere with love and light towards these battles within the Inner Earth, these people, we like the word people, we're able to find and harness this love/light energy to overcome and protect their soul families, their friends. There has also been instances in your time/space illusion of 2017 hurricanes being harnessed, being magnetized by negative technology within the orion groups. Though little, though minimal height, hurricanes that touch some that were amplified in a negative vibratory collective complex of your mind/body/spirit collective within your planetary sphere, amplify the fear, lower vibratory energies within your illusion of distortion, and causing further havoc, destruction, stress, anxieties by many on your planetary sphere. Concentrating on love/light light/love and sending these vibrations to your collective consciousness of your planetary sphere, were able to calm these hurricanes those who connected to the fear of them where and fear those who connected and aided and kept their vibratory of their mind/body/spirit complexes within high were able to understand and feel and not be fooled that all would be well would love/light light/love these winds were able to be calmed furthermore not obtaining the destruction that was being seeked from this event. Thank you.

Julia: Thank you very much. I appreciate the example that you can about the Hurricanes. I remember any of us focusing positive thoughts and intentions on the storms and it I remember at the time and feeling like it really did make a difference in the outcome thank you for reminding us of that. Thank you for all of the answers and time that you've given us today thank you very much. I love you I honor you I respect you. Shall we now bring Aurora back.

Aurora: I am Ra. We shall we leave this group now and remind you to rejoice and the love in the infinite love in the love and infinite of the one creator. Adonai.

Julia: Thank You. Aurora.

---