+++
title = "RA Collective Channel"
description = "Q/A Part 1, RA Collective Channel by Aurora"
date = "2018-03-17"
categories = ["RA"]
tags = ["RA", "Energy","Channel","YouTube"]
draft = false
type = "post"
+++

{{% youtube id="rXQz0EavnIk" autoplay="false"%}}

This is the transcript for Q/A portion only. I tried my best by using my experience from reading the Law of One series to edit the transcript from YouTube.

---

Aurora: I am RA. We greet you in the love and the light of the infinite creator. we shall begin our communication now. This instrument has been tuned in preparation for this vibratory communication. We use the wording and the verbage that constructs this mind body complex. We are trying to calm her heartbeat as is speeding faster. We will speak slowly precise words to ensure that our communications are deliver with clearness and less distortion as possible. This instrument is being anchored and is in the right alignment in ensuring that the love/light light/love of the creator surrounds her for the fruition of clear communication today. We thank all who is here for we speak of in unity a love and a law of one. We contacted this instrument because of her in ability of reaching many within the heart space that is required in unity of the infinite intelligence. We shall focus today on the event that is being talked forth on your earth planetary sphere. We will carefully monitor this instrument for her health and her mind body complex to remain within the vibratory union of the law of one. We would like to speak now on the event and we would like to thank all for both service to self and service to others has joined and aided in this event through your social memory complex. It was created as a catalyst to guide teach learn others to look within both polarities as you may call them on earth have played their roles in this event. We ask now to look inwards, ask your mind/body/spirit complexes, ask your heart center how does it feel to you. being as a catalyst of an event what was it that the teachings and the learnings that were brought forth what was it that it has taught you what have you learned. We can only guide and teach/learn and learn/teach and we speak within free will of this instrument. This event has also created within your social memory complex a thought form of looking for savior and we remind you as we have spoken through others that we are in contact with in bringing disclosure to earth that you have been the vibratory memory complex has been influence with a thought form of looking for saviors. These words these that speak from this instrument we want to ensure that it stays pure an understanding that you do not need a savior for the Savior is yourself you are the savior and within union of finding obtaining the inner knowing within your heart center that is connected to the infinite intelligence, you may obtain this through dedication, silencing, understanding the mental the mine complex. Understanding what you call ego. Becoming in unity with your mental ego mind. All that has been created came forth from the one infinite creator. There is nor good or evil only unity and love and we bring forth today this message in unity and love for there is much separation that has penetrated in distortion through your social memory complex in your planetary sphere or collective consciousness. Remember to be of service to oneself to others first obtaining service to onwself is to be understood to love all the consists of yourself of mind body and soul complexes as well as all the other selves. We ask now how is it that this event has catalyzed you ? Has it created this empowerment wanting a vibration of wanting to be saved ? Has it also brought forth separation for we work in union. Many different races and galaxies as the law on one in the confederation and we bring you this message to remind you the wonders there is many of you on here on earth and you have chosen to come forth from the fourth fifth six seven dimensions chose to lower your vibratory system of your mind body complex to the third density and therefore accepting and forgetting your memory complex of the other self of you and the self that is here. We remind you now that you chose here to incarnate on earth to aid the energies within earth and it's energetic webbing where this event has served it's purpose. Now we ask that you join in a collective of meditation as often as you can this instrument has instructed through another channel of the inner earth to collectively meditate on the 13th hour. 13th hour being an hour of creation. Focusing on love/light light/love onto earth and ensuring that this webbing this energetic force fields are to be stabilized. We ask and only give guidance and teach and learning within your free will to join us in this meditation daily just for one minute. The energies, the solar flares happy coming forth unto earth since the beginning of creation of earth that consists of the origins three dimensional physical consistencies of the mind body complexes within distortion of the Maldek planet. People who were unable to be harvested. We are coming and reminding you of the harvesting and the wonders that have volunteered to incarnate on earth. Remember to look within to your inner knowing. Honor and love and trust your inner knowing in respect that all our individuals working together in unity and love as one. We are a confederation that works together not of just of one being. it's a multitude of beings working together. We remind you of this we give teach/learn learn/teach for there's both not just a teacher and the learner. Both the teacher and the learner are teaching and learning. There is much separation when it comes down to individualism of races. You can say tension between races where one race wants to be in charge because of the distortion of the energy that is downloaded and given to every individual of different of your soul groups. We look and we we ask we give guidance. Within your free will to remember that we are one all one though your soul families might be of different races we are all working together and to understand this in union of the love and the one Infinite Creator that we all consist of. As a collective consciousness memory, remember that one race is not better than another. We asked to work in unity and love. Guardians, we are guardians, we have brought forth two new guardians onto this planetary sphere for the intentions within distortions and ensuring the best timeline of this planetary sphere, though there are an infinite of timelines there's not one. The guardians are overseen the alignment of this social memory complex of this planetary sphere and ensuring that it goes into fruition. Into the harvesting or what some may call the new earth. Know though that they view themselves as equal you as equal to i as we as equal as a whole as oneness. We remind you that this solar flares come forth on a daily basis. Now the thought form into social memory complex of create has created and intensified the energy of the social memory complex of your planetary sphere therefore it is adding vibratory in flexus into this planetary sphere and we are ensuring that it maintains within stabilization. Within its Universal webbing. There is many aiding many in union of the Confederation connected to the webbing and connected to directly to the instruments, the wanderers that have been born incarnated unto earth. This is what maintains the stabilization. Remember to no longer disempower yourself and instead empower yourself. Stand in union for your mind/body/spirit complex to find your inner knowing all that sin is within your heart center connected to the infinite intelligence. Help aid humanity in the stabilization of Earth and we thanks all who have played their roles in this catalyst event. The solar flares we would like to add are also in union with the aurora borealis. You can choose within your freewill to tap into the energy that consists of this energetic field that is directly in connection to the new earth and the shifting of it in the future. For both the solar flares and the aurora borealis are working in union for the fruition of the new earth of the harvest. Instrument is experiencing stiff shoulders and numbness of the feet. We are stabilizing this energy. Thank you. You may ask your questions.

Julia: Thank you, thank you for speaking with us and for that the message you've given us thus far. You've mentioned many times the thought forms that we create both in our minds and as a collective, and one of the things I would like to hear is how is it that we may best protect our energy our auric fields so that our thought forms that we reflect into the collective are maintained at their highest level possible?

Aurora: I am RA. I thank you for your question. Wanderers have chosen, some have choosen to have energy force fields or shields you can say to activate from their creator heart center that comes forth from the Emerald energies and portals on earth therefore within your freewill of your choosing, you may within your own illusion activate these force fields of the infinite creators love/light light/love surrounding yourself so as you be it and this aid in the connection to the inner knowing so that the negative technology that has been created from the Orion group will not penetrate and be as effective and trying to interfere or influence your vibratory complexities of your thought form, of your social memory complexs by surrounding yourself in the one infinite love and understanding then we are all one. This will create a force field around your energetic field. Within distortion for the highest good that you seek. Thank you.

Julia: Thank you as well. I know that the channel is getting tired. I have one question that is the one that has been asked the most and of course is the most important. I think that many of us wonder about the ways in which we may express service to others beyonf the ones that are very obvious. For example those who may not be able to get out among the people as often older people. Could you speak to the variety of ways that we may be more service to others so that we can focus on this task of bringing us to something greater than that 50% up to 51% in greater level of service others in our daily lives.

Aurora: I am RA. Thank you for your question. We will answer. We have observed the different reactions to this event and we ask that you seek and we give guidance again within free well so that we teach/learn and learn/teach this vocalization and vibratory complex. Those who are perhaps isolated remember that there is no need to physically touch a heart touch another individual of your social memory complex. There is no physical touch needed for you are able to connect to another through your social memory complex your collective consciousness therefore if you seek to aid others, it is a simple, there is a simple way were you tuned in and choose through meditation through silencing of your mind/body/spirit complexes in connecting to others energies within the soul the planetary sphere webbing therefore by training teaching your mind to silence and connect to this infinite intelligence within your heart center, you can connect in a vibratory wave to others in the same manner that you are able to connect to the solar flares and the aurora borealis. No need to physically touch, just a simple connection of silencing of the mind and connection.

Julia: Thank you. How was the vessel doing at this time ?

Aurora: I am RA. We are working with her mind/body/spirit complexes vibratory system. She wishes to go on forth. We will keep you updated along the way. This will not be the first time that we shall speak through this instrument for she has been prepped, consumed for this though her vessel, her this instrument is experiencing exhaustion from connecting in a constant love/like light/love anchoring in aiding earth civilization. This is why she is experiencing. The instrument is experiencing fatigue. we thank her and all who aid in anchoring this love/light light/love energy onto earth within your distortion of the illusion of the reality of earth. You may proceed with another question.

Julia: Thank you. We have a question from someone who would like to know how our being in touch with our heart center affects actions that we are performing in service to others if we lose contact with our hearts centerness but are still performing good deeds for others. What kind of effect does that have on the actions that we are putting out into the world?

Aurora: Can you restate that please.

Julia: How important is it for us to maintain our connection to our heart center at all times while performing acts in service to others. We may may we may carry out acts and service of others but have lost a true heart centered intent and I believe that probably affects the outcome of the actions. can you speak to that.

Aurora: I am RA. This instrument is coming short on the connection in its vocabulary vibratory. There is things that we cannot speak up. As far as the heart center, we learn/teach you in honor as individuals to honor and respect your inner knowing and your heart discernment. heart discernment in this time/space illusion is of importance when listening or learning from a book, from a video a vibratory communication in whichever form it may come. Ask your heart center and know it and trust it in your own inner knowing and honor for not one answer will be the same for another which brings us to the harvest. There is harvesting going on and has been going on in your illusion from about approximately the last 40 years This instrument is experiencing numbness in the hands. We will have to end this. Tell this communication soon.

Julia: Understood

Aurora: we are maintaining her connection to us however there is some distortion.

Julia: Shall we bring her back at this time ?

Aurora: I am RA. She would like to finish our answer. The biggest message that we gave you is to no longer with teach and learning. Give your disempowerment away, you are beautiful, loving, powerful, core creator, collective consciousness within your planetary sphere. Remember this, we speak to you in love in the one Infinite Creator. For too long you have been taught and distorted within your social memory complex to believe that you are not powerful, to not self love, to not honor yourself and to believe that you need a savior. No longer within free will. Think this event. We learn/teach you and teach/learn to no longer think of this event as a savior. you are your own savior. connect. connect to the collective of consciousness of the heart centers that exist within Earth. You are able to do this and understand that you are beautiful and empowered. We will continue to work with this instrument to prolong her communications in your future time and space illusion so that she is able to connect in the future. In a future telepathic channel from we. We leave you now in the love and the rejoice of the one and the Infinite Creator. I am Ra and you may rejoice and we thank you. Please. The instrument maybe awaken now.

Julia: Aurora, Aurora thank you and thank you so much for the collective RA for being here and the beautiful loving message I thank you for all of those who have listened and who will listen in the future to this message, love you honor you I respect you, thank you so much.

---